# Randomized Datasets in Snowflake
These are the various different randomized datasets, generated in Snowflake, and are applicable for various dedicated purposes &amp; free use. This is dummy data, generated by usage of various random functions available in Snowflake, that is, this data does not reference nor uses any 'real' data. It is intended for testing & training purposes. The structure always can be updated by user to meet their specific needs, as this is just an baseline randomized dataset.
<br/>
All datasets are created in or by using Snowflake & Snowflake SQL.
## 1. Dummy Ledger
Dummy ledger is completely randomized ledger, that is it is dummy ledger with completely randomized data, generated using Snowflake SQL. It contains following dummy columns:
<br/>
<br/>
`"date" DATETIME,
  "account_description" VARCHAR(50),
  "reference" VARCHAR(10),
  "debit" FLOAT,
  "credit"  FLOAT`
<br/>
<br/>
Debit & credit side are simply mirrored, that is first debit side is created and then just mirrored by credit side.
<br/>
<br/>
## 2. Randomized Medical General Information Dataset
### Hospitals, Patients & Doctors Randomized Dummy Data
Even although this data is completely randomized, there is combination of `hospital_id`, `patient_id` & `doctor_id` which all function as PRIMARY/FOREIGN KEY, and indeed reference each other.
<br/>
<br/>
## 2. Randomized Users Dataset
This randomized dataset creation includes random user's name, last name & email address.
<br/>
For this randomized dataset creation Snowflake Snowpark was used, as well as randomuser API (https://randomuser.me/).
<br/>
Random user API has an maximum of 5000 returned records per call, so this code will generate 5000 random users, where name, surname and email will be generated. Data is then stored in relevant Snowflake table from where it can be further accessed.
<br/>
Connection details are stored in connections folder (make sure to create .env), and Snowpark & Python code are in dummy_user folder.
